Added connection string authentication examples (#6241)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/throughput-tool/sql-transport.md

|-|-|
| <nobr>`--connectionString`</nobr> | A single database connection string<sup>1</sup> that will provide at least read access to all queue tables. |
| <nobr>`--addCatalogs`</nobr> | When the `--connectionString` parameter points to a single database, but multiple database catalogs on the same server also contain NServiceBus message queues, the `--addCatalogs` parameter specifies additional database catalogs to search. The tool replaces the `Database` or `Initial Catalog` parameter in the connection string with the additional catalog and queries all of them. With this option, only a single database server is supported.<br/><br/>Example: `--connectionString <Catalog1String> --addCatalogs Catalog2 Catalog3 Catalog4` |
| <nobr>`--connectionStringSource` | Provide a file containing database connection strings (one per line) instead of specifying a single connection string as a tool argument. The tool will scan the databases provided by all connection strings in the file for NServiceBus queue tables. With this option, multiple catalogs in multiple database servers are supported.<br/><br/>Example: `--connectionStringSource <PathToFile>` |
include: throughput-tool-global-options

> <sup>1</sup>: Many connection string formats can be found at <https://www.connectionstrings.com/sql-server/>. Authentication is often via username/password `User Id=myUsername;Password=myPassword`, integrated security `Integrated Security=true`, or active directory with MFA `Authentication=ActiveDirectoryInteractive;UID=user@domain.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>1</sup> See [examples of SQL Server connection strings](https://www.connectionstrings.com/sql-server/). Authentication is often via username/password `User Id=myUsername;Password=myPassword`, integrated security `Integrated Security=true`, or active directory with MFA `Authentication=ActiveDirectoryInteractive;UID=user@domain.com`.
```
